day after day in the Sun and the wind
and the rain I climbed into the hills
this was where I was meant to be
[Music]
the more I learn the more I realized how
big
stranger
here we have a perfect day for that
evolution Jane Goodall tall blonde and
beautiful living would be the Cuban Z's
in the wilds of Africa were you ever
really very frightened I thought they
were nice of the nose I had no idea of
the brutality what about the
significance of the studies there were
some who tried to discredit my
observations because I was a young
untrained girl I didn't care what
anybody said
it would be sending out at the trunk
refer to document the chimpanzees we
both love being out in nature and we
both love the work we were doing we just
got on very well just like that
Geographic end of the holiday for very
upsetting
unfortunately sad and it was like well
what do we do
[Applause]
how long are you going to be associated
with the chimpanzee
until I die
[Music]
[Applause]
you